[Music]
I have this traumatic childhood memory
that I cannot forget. Sometimes I dream
about it or just think about it late at
night when I can't sleep and I'm feeling
stressed. It sucks and I thought maybe
posting about it might help me get over
it a little.
So, I'm sending this to you today. And
when I was a kid, we were always
struggling for money. I feel like we
moved houses maybe six or seven times,
usually a downgrade to a much cheaper
property, even a trailer one time,
followed by a big upgrade because my dad
never lived within our means. As soon as
he had a bit of dough, we started
spending it, living in luxury.
It was kind of sweet. He wanted to
provide for me, my mom, and my baby
brother, but he just wasn't good at
keeping hold of money. When he had a
good job, we'd get takeout food every
day, and he'd shower us with toys and
mom with gifts. Then we'd lose
everything and end up in some dirty ass
trailer park or something, and everyone
would be stressed. Dad would never take
it out on us, but he'd take it out on
himself, smoking and drinking and
falling into a stouper. So, it took
longer to break out of the rut and find
the next job. I never really knew what
my father did for work. He didn't have a
profession exactly. He took on random
jobs and schemes pretty much. He was
always looking for his latest get-richqu
gimmick. And if I'd try to list or even
remember most of them, I'd probably be
here all night. One time, he sold
cigarettes out of the back of his car
until the law shut him down. Another
time he got a group of parole friends
working as home decorators until a
client realized that he didn't have the
necessary licenses and insurance when
one of the guys fell through the roof.
It was just things like this all the
time. And while he was a fun dad, it
also made my childhood incredibly
stressful, especially after my baby
brother Barton was born and wouldn't
stop crying all the time.
The specific memory that sticks in my
mind happened when we were renting a
fairly nice house in the suburbs. I
guess dad's latest scheme had been
paying off because things had been going
well for a while and I was beginning to
let myself relax. I remember the sun was
setting so that it must have been mid
evening when the knock on the door came.
I knew my mom and dad were downstairs
with Barton, so I was surprised when the
knock sounded again and nobody answered.
I looked out the window of my bedroom at
the front of the house.
A guy was standing at the door. He
looked up at me and something about him
terrified me. I know it's silly, but in
my head I kind of equate him to that
rock steady character from the Ninja
Turtles. You know that big rhinoceros
with a tank top, khaki pants, and big
boots. This guy reminded me of him, only
you know, human. He had this mullet that
looked ex army and an earring that kind
of glinted in one ear and tattoos all up
his thick muscled arms. He must have
caught sight of me looking at him
because he looked up and kind of scoured
at me from under a very thick ugly
unibrow. I know I'm probably imagining
him as more trollike and terrifying in
my mind than he actually was. But I
guess that's how childhood traumas kind
of get at you, I guess. and I'm going to
call him Rocksteady, but he began
hammering on the front door with a very
meaty fist. He shouted that he knew we
were home. He'd seen someone in the
upstairs window. An instant terror and
guilt flooded through me. Immediately, I
heard footsteps downstairs. Dad going to
the front door and mom coming upstairs.
My bedroom door opened just as I heard
the front door unlatch. Mom was holding
Barton, reassuring me that everything
was okay and to come back into the room
and play. I ignored her and ran to the
window. Dad had stepped outside into the
front yard with Rock Steady. And Rock
Steady was sizing up Dad looming over
him very menacingly.
And my dad wasn't a fighter. He wasn't a
buff guy who worked out. He was fairly
short. And in my mind, he was fragile.
He was always smiling and joking and
being silly. And the idea of someone
like Rock Steady hurting him seemed like
a genuine possibility.
Even more so as I watched this guy grab
dad by his shirt and drag him into the
street. I started to cry and bang on the
window, but mom came and pulled me away
and made me play with Barton for a bit,
even though inside I was absolutely
breaking.
After 5 minutes or so, Mom had to use
the bathroom, so I darted to the window
again. Dad and Rockstady were in the
street. Dad was pacing back and forth,
gesturing and talking animatedly in his
way, and Rockstar seemed calmer and was
leaning up against a muscle car. I
watched as dad and Rockstar shook hands,
and then dad came back into the house.
He was all smiles and cheery after that.
Nothing to worry about, he said. Just a
simple misunderstanding.
Rockstady was a guy he worked with and
his paycheck hadn't gone through, but it
was all sorted out now and everything
had been squared away. I told my dad
that that man reminded me of the rhino
from Ninja Turtles and he seemed to find
that hilarious. I thought mom was calm
and fine, too, but in retrospect, she
clearly wasn't. I went to bed more
relaxed that night. It was around 1:00
in the morning when I heard the crash.
It was coming from downstairs, the sound
of wood splintering in the front door
being kicked in. I looked out the window
in terror to see three men coming
through our front door and Rock Steady
was taking up the rear. There was
commotion from elsewhere upstairs. Mom
and dad reacting to the break-in I now
know, and then smashing and breaking
glass from downstairs, and next
screaming and yelling. I could now hear
four male voices, including my father's,
and then my mom screaming. Finally,
Barton started crying, adding to the
cacophony, and mom's footsteps came
thundering upstairs. I'd already locked
my door, and she rattled on it. I asked
who it was, and she said it was mom. She
said it was good that I'd locked my door
and to keep it locked and stay there,
and she was going to take Barton into
their room. She told me not to come out
under any circumstances and that daddy
was fine and not to worry. His friends
had just come over and they were just
being loud.
Even at my young age, I knew that this
was all nonsense. But I told mom I'd
stay put. So, I had to sit there on my
bed listening to the three men smash up
our things downstairs. Dad was yelling
for a while and then I heard another
crash and his voice stopped. I was
crying to myself. these heavy sobs and I
felt like my chest was going to burst
and my heart would explode.
It felt like the chaos went on forever.
Eventually, things fell silent and I
thought I was safe. And suddenly, there
was a hammering on my door.
The wooden frame shuddered and I
screamed.
A male voice I didn't recognize called
out telling me to open the door. I'll
just call this one creep show. and he
called me a little b- word and said that
if I was Colin's daughter, Colin was my
dad, I was going to suffer.
Creep Show started saying all these
awful things he was going to do to me
that I don't want to repeat here. Stuff
that as a little kid I'd never even
heard of before. I was still sobbing,
crying, and freaking out.
Then I heard a bang from out in the
hallway, like someone punching a wall. A
voice asked what the f Creep Show was
talking about. And I recognized the
voice as that rock steady guy. Creepshow
said that Colin's daughter, the little
b- word, was hiding in here and he was
going to drag her out and show Colin
what happened to the daughters of men
who don't pay up.
Rock Steady absolutely lost it. He
started screaming at this guy, saying
that I was only 7 years old and what
kind of sicko threatens a kid? that they
were just here to scare Colin to get
what they were owed, but this was way
over the line. Creep Show didn't back
down and started hurling abuse at Rock
Steady. There was a moment of silence
and then suddenly my door came
splintering open. A man I didn't even
recognize, who I later learned was Creep
Show, flew backwards into the room,
having just been dropped kicked probably
through the door by that Rock Steady
guy. And now Rock Steady rushed into the
room, grabbed Creep Show from the floor,
dragged him up, and threw him out. He
looked at me, and the terrifying guy had
been so afraid of suddenly melted away,
and his face softened.
I've never seen someone transform like
that before or since. Rock Steady told
me he was sorry. He didn't really mean
for things to go this way. and then he
returned to beating the absolute crap
out of Creep Show for daring to threaten
a little girl like that.
The outcome of the story is truly
bizarre. Rock Steady genuinely felt so
bad about bringing that kind of person
to our house that he even offered to pay
dad for the damage. Dad was a bit
bruised and scared, but ultimately okay.
He didn't really want to call the cops
because, well, whatever he was involved
in probably wasn't very legal. Rock
Steady and the other guy, who was just
some sidekick that I never even saw,
promised that they'd take Creep Show
away and deal with him. Dad told us
later that the three men were some
bikers he'd hired to work on a project
with him, and something had gone wrong
with paying them. Apparently, he made
things right with Rock Steady, and after
that, Dad went completely straight. I
guess it took my life being threatened
to finally wake him up.
Dad passed away recently and he lived an
honest life ever since that day. I have
no idea what happened to Rock Steady or
that Creep Show guy. And it's not Rock
Steady who causes me to wake up at night
panicking and scared. It's Creep Show.
The things he said to me through that
door, the punishments he promised to
beat out of me, they're not anything
that a 7-year-old girl should ever have
to hear. Now, I'm sure Creep Show isn't
even alive anymore. When Rock Steady
dropkicked him through my bedroom door,
he looked like he must have been in his
50s even then. He'd had to have been
over 80 by now. So, I can only hope that
he died in pain and misery.
But sometimes late at night, I imagine
he's still out there walking up the
stairs to my bedroom door. And this
time, my dad and Rock Steady are no
longer around to stop him.
[Music]
When I was a teenager, I used to share
this as a ghost story. But then
something happened in my adult years
that made it very real and somehow a lot
scarier than when I thought I'd
encountered a spirit. So bear with me.
To my child mind, this was a paranormal
encounter. But it's not. and you'll find
out why in the second half. I know you
don't often run supernatural stories
lately on the channel, so I wanted to
assure you upfront that this isn't that,
even if it seems so at first. When I was
a kid, my family lost our house and we
had to downgrade. That's what I was told
anyway. But honestly, I love the new
house.
It was older than our previous zero lot
line house, a row house with three
floors, a tiny backyard, and an alleyway
that ran in between the middle of the
houses, and then along the back of the
properties. To this day, I insist that
this new house was better than our much
more valuable house from before. The
garden was overgrown, filled with
mystery and wonder for a kid like me.
There was a broken down greenhouse that
contained all sorts of treasures, and
the people next door owned a tortoise
that would sometimes break into our
yard.
There was a crumbling shed filled with
the remnants of the last owners. And
next to that, adjacent to the back
alley, was a big pile of trash made up
of things from our move like mattresses
and boxes, but also discarded garden
equipment and sort of a bunch of statues
and ornaments. All sorts of crazy fun
things for an 8-year-old boy like me to
mess with.
The trash pile in the garden was fenced
off from within the garden, and the gate
had rusted shut. I could climb over it,
but I'd been banned from doing so by my
mom and was worried about me falling
over the fence and impaling myself on a
rake or a garden gnome or something. If
I wanted to explore the trash paradise,
I had to exit through the front door,
walk a few houses down, and then head
down the alleyway and around the back of
the houses where the trash pile had a
much more accessible gate.
And this is what I was doing on the day
this happened. I walked down the long,
dark, and honestly a bit scary arched
tunnel leading to the open air back
alley. There was all sorts of old
graffiti on the bricks and not spray
paint or tags, but scratches using
stones from the ground. The
neighborhood's pass kits had left their
mark. And I've always paused to read
some of it before continuing on. Janice
plus John forever. Betsy and Evelyn
lived here 1963. Things like that. I
still live in my childhood home to this
day, so I see these scribblings
regularly. I've added a few of my own
over the years with some friends.
I just read a new one that said
something like, "Arthur ate his kids,"
and it put the spooks in me,
understandably. So, I guess I was a
little jumpy when I emerged from the
darkness and into the alley. I looked up
and down just to see if any of the
neighborhood kids were back here, and
the alley was completely unoccupied from
both ends.
I walked past the three back gardens
that led to my own. When I reached mine,
I tried to unlatch the gate, but the
metal hook had gotten rusted or stuck
somehow since the last time I used it. I
was reaching over the fence trying to
work out why it wouldn't come unhooked
when I felt rough pinching fingers on my
arm. I spun around and came face to face
with an ancientl looking man. He wasn't
one of those kindly, pleasantl looking
old folks. This guy had a mean, spiteful
look in his eyes. He had dirty whiskers
sprouting from his chin and wiry white
hair that had yellowed with tobacco
discoloration at the temples. In my
memory, his irises were non-existent,
just huge black pupils swimming in his
scaras. Toughs of hair grew from his
nostrils, and his big ears protruded in
a way that almost made me laugh. It was
hard to laugh with his tight, vicious
grip on my arm, though. The man
absolutely stank, too, of dampness and
just body odor. I tried to pull away,
but his fingernails dug into my arm. He
asked me what the hell I was doing
snooping back here. I told him I lived
here, and he spat out that he thought I
was a liar. And when he talked, I saw
his teeth weren't just yellow, they were
brown, black, or even missing. His
breath stank of death. And that's the
best I can describe it. My mind
immediately went back to the graffiti
that I just seen. Arthur ate his kids.
And this guy certainly smelled like he'd
eaten a kid or two in his day. The old
man tugged on my arm again hard and made
me wse in pain. He called me a liar and
a thief and said he'd turn me into the
authorities. He told me that I had to
come with him so I wouldn't run away.
I've been warned by my parents and
teachers about what dirty, stinky old
men could do to young boys, even ones as
old as eight and as brave as me. So,
there was absolutely no way that I was
letting him take me anywhere. Besides,
even if he was telling the truth and he
was going to hand me over to the quote
unquote authorities, I hadn't done
anything wrong. The alleyway was public
and the house I was going into was mine.
I did the only thing I could think to
do. pulled myself free from his arm and
then yeated myself over the little fence
leading into the backyard. Mom was
right. There was a danger of impaling
myself if I jumped into the trash pile
recklessly. And I was damn lucky that I
managed to stop with a sharp shard of
metal just slightly pressing into my
thigh. Enough to draw blood and make me
wse, but not enough to do any damage.
Quickly avoiding further damage from the
spike, I turned around to tell the old
man triumphantly that I was in my house
now and I lived here, and if he liked,
he could knock on the front door and ask
my parents, and they could confirm that
I was very much allowed to be here.
The leaping to turning process must have
taken all of 3 seconds, but when I
turned about to face this old man, he
was now gone.
I was almost disappointed. I was robbed
of my righteous indignation and the
chance to show an adult that I was right
and he was wrong. So, I peered over the
fence to see where he'd gone. The
alleyway was empty. I looked left and
right. No sign of the guy. I hadn't
heard any of the other back gates open.
All the other houses had hide fences
leading to the alley. It was only my
house that had a small temporary fence
because they'd taken the main fence down
to help us move in. and we hadn't
replaced it yet until this trash
paradise had been removed.
I unlatched the gate, noticing that a
stick had been caught in the loop,
preventing me from unhooking it. Then I
ran to the head of the alley and looked
down the tunnel. There was no way that
the old man could have simply reached
the street already. And yet, sure
enough, he was gone. I went back into my
back garden, thoroughly done with
playing outside. And from then on, I had
a ghost story to tell.
For years, I recounted the story of how
a ghostly old man had appeared from
nowhere, grabbed me, threatened me, and
then disappeared into the ether.
Of course, most people didn't believe
it. They assumed I'd either imagined
him, and he'd never actually grabbed me
or he had grabbed me, and he must have
been one of my neighbors. He wasn't one
of my neighbors, though. Like I said, I
still live in that house now, and I met
every neighbor from back then. Nobody
remotely matched his description, and I
never saw him again. And I know that he
didn't disappear into one of the back
gardens. I never really considered one
of the two options that must have
happened, though. Either the man snuck
through the fence leading to the other
side of the alley, which led to a
retirement home, or he sprinted away
when I broke free of his grasp, fast
enough to have disappeared when I went
looking.
I'm going to guess it was the former,
though, because many years later, I
found out that the old man had come from
the retirement home. It's more
believable that he snuck through some
type of unseen hole in the fence, then
this old ass man sprinted away faster
than a college athlete.
So, why was this dirty old man lurking
in the alleyway behind my house,
grabbing an unsuspecting kid? I met up
with a friend a couple of years ago who
works in law enforcement. He asked me if
I was still living at my address, and I
said, "Yeah." He'd said he'd thought
about me recently because a case he was
working on had involved someone who
lived at the retirement home in the9s.
Apparently, the guy had been a violent
offender in his heyday and had spent
quite a bit of time in prison. Then
eventually, he'd been released and ended
up at that very retirement home.
My buddy wouldn't tell me exactly what
this guy had done, but he was horrified
and almost actively angry at the fact
that I'd never been informed that such a
violent offender lived behind my
property.
After I met with my buddy, I asked my
parents if they'd ever known about it,
and they hadn't. So, I guess we just
didn't have to be informed back then.
Now, back to the present with my buddy,
though. He told me that the guy was long
dead now and that he'd cropped up as a
potential accomplice of a current
suspect they had who was part of a ring.
So my buddy was curious if I'd never
seen anyone being weird with kids around
my area. He described the man and while
I can't be sure because ultimately he
was generic skeby old white dude, it
very much sounded like the ghost who
grabbed me in the alley. And I reminded
my friend about my true ghost story from
my childhood, which I told him and
others a bunch of times, and we both
went a bit pale and quiet.
Honestly, I think I preferred it when I
thought the old fogy was just some
ghost. I can look back on a ghostly
encounter with wander and excitement.
But a near miss with an old pedarass,
though, well, that's a lot more
traumatic.
[Music]
So, me and my family moved to a new town
in the early 2000s. Dad got a promotion
at work, so we upgraded and moved to a
nice place in the suburbs. Me and my
sister got to attend a better school.
Mom got to meet some new friends, and
dad had a much shorter drive to work.
Everything was great. I was really
excited to move and I'd never moved to a
different house before and it seemed
like a wild adventure.
These days I look back and think what an
idiot I was. Moving houses isn't
something that I wish on my worst enemy,
even under positive circumstances. It's
so freaking stressful.
But back then, I was a six-year-old kid,
so the world was all sunshine and
rainbows. I'd never known true fear or
suffering. At least until the day this
all happened. I remember that day that I
had an argument with my sister. We were
twins, so even as brother and sister, we
almost never argue. She's my best
friend, and I hung out with her nearly
all the time. So, I was really salty and
upset that this day we'd fallen out. I
don't even remember why, but I
definitely remember that it was her
fault. Hi, Holly. If you're listening to
this, you know I'm going to send it to
you if Let's Read narrates it.
We'd lived in the neighborhood for about
6 months by this point, but had only met
and befriended the kids that lived
across the street, brothers Mike and
Joe. Most of the other houses were
occupied by older folks. It was kind of
a quiet community, perfect for older
couples, but less popular for families
with kids. I knew there was one other
family, though, just at the end of the
culde-sac around the corner. They were a
big family, mom, dad, three sisters, and
a brother. We knew them vaguely from
church and they were known as an
extremely nice, friendly family. So I
thought nothing of just wandering around
their house and knocking for them to see
if they wanted to come play.
Two of them did. The girl my age, Kathy,
and her brother Will. We played various
ball games and whatever other silly
things kids enjoyed back then. It was
fun and I like them. Then from a field
across the road, a group of other kids
came strolling over. One of them was
Will's friend and a few other kids. And
then Will's friend's cousin who was a
chunky, loud, and angry girl called
Hester. Hester was about 10, so older
than most of us. And she lorded that
fact over the other kids. Immediately, I
could tell that she was an insufferable
little brat. And after just an hour, she
started picking on five or six different
kids in turn, making people cry or turn
on each other in the way that bullies
do. Of course, because Hester was such
an obnoxious, unpleasant person,
everyone wanted to impress her. And
that's how it is when you're kids, I
guess. After a bit, Hester declared that
our neighborhood was fake and gay and
dumb. And if us stupid kids knew what
was good for us, we'd follow her across
the field to a much cooler place. None
of us were allowed to go that far from
home, and none of us wanted to get hurt
by Hester either, as she would be
threatening. And the place that Hester
led us to was actually cool. It was the
beginnings of a park sort of half set up
and half under construction. A set of
monkey bars and a swing set had already
been set up and a teeter totter and a
merrygoround were abandoned on the green
half covered in plastic. I guess it says
something about the nature of the area
that these things were just left there
waiting for construction to resume after
the weekend and that the area wasn't
fenced off or anything. And like moth to
the flame, some of the kids waddled
wideeyed over to the swings and began
playing there. And Hester commanded
everyone to follow her, though, and led
us to a stack of concrete tubes. They
were stacked in a pyramid shape, three
on the bottom, two in the middle, one on
the top. Who's brave enough to go
inside? Hester screeched, pointing at
the middle tube on the bottom. And this
seemed like a terribly stupid idea. The
tubes were fastened together with some
kind of metallic straps that held them
in place. But even then, and even at 6,
I was aware that these tubes were
potentially incredibly dangerous and
incredibly stupid that anyone had left
them unattended.
"I'll do it," I said. So, I got down on
my hands and knees and carefully,
nervously crawled into the tube. And I
called that I was in. And then behind
me, the light disappeared.
I tried to turn around and discovered
that the tube was just too small for me
to turn around in. And that's how I
discovered that I suffer from crippling
claustrophobia.
I began to panic almost immediately,
backing down the tube. My foot pressed
against something. Hester and the other
kids had put some kind of board or block
over the exit. I tried to force against
it, but the concrete scraped my bare
knees, and I couldn't get any trajectory
to kick back against whatever they were
holding there. And frantically, I
already started to cry. I began to sort
of crawl down the pipe towards the other
end. It was very slowgoing. The pipe was
about 20 ft long, made of rough, spiky
concrete, and little stones that dug
painfully into my knees. I was about
halfway to the end when Hester's face
appeared in front of me at the end of
the tube. She yelled at me that I was
stuck in there and called me a little
crybaby.
This, of course, made me cry, which made
the other kid start laughing at me,
taunting me to impress Hester.
Her ugly face looked in again, and then
everything went dark as they covered
that end of the tube with a board, too.
I began to absolutely freak out,
screaming and crying. I looked over my
shoulder and saw from behind me. I
realized they only had one board to
cover the exit and were running back and
forth outside.
I began moving backwards, pleading with
them to let me out. I heard Hester yell,
and just as I'd neared the other end,
light poured in far ahead of me, and
they covered the exit in freedom yet
again.
Like I said, I'd never experienced my
true fear or suffering until that point.
But suddenly, it was like a little imp
was sitting on my shoulders, punching me
rapidly and repeatedly in the temples. I
began absolutely hollering, crying,
screaming, and begging them to let me
out. Hester laughed and yelled at me to
go to the other end, that the board was
stuck, but I could get out if I crawled.
So I crawled, blinking towards the light
through my tears. And sure enough, when
I was near the end, the kids jered and
howled at me, and then covered the end
instead. And this process went on a
couple of more times, each time with
Hester promising me that they'd let me
out this time, and each time they'd
cover the exit. And by now, I was cut up
and bloody and screaming and obviously
crying. And to this day, I don't know
what kind of psychopathic little brat
Hester must have been to keep this up.
In defense of the other kids, by now, a
few of them were arguing with her,
shouting at her even, and I didn't know
it, but Kathy and Will had already left
to go get an adult at this point. As far
as I knew from within my concrete tomb,
though, all of those kids were out there
enjoying it, and they wanted me dead.
I don't know if I had some kind of
actual seizure or if it was just a panic
attack, but I began flailing and
kicking. My skin burned with agony as I
punched and kicked the concrete interior
of the tube. I don't know what I was
trying to do. If I thought that I could
break my way out or something, but
regardless, something did break. I heard
a cracking, a crumbling noise, heard a
metallic snap, and then felt a seismic
shifting as the tubes on top of me began
to roll.
All hell broke loose. Hester and the
other kids began screaming in fear. I
started to roll. Dust from the concrete
tube stinging my eyes and making it
almost impossible to see. I was pretty
much in the middle of the damn tube.
Blissful, blessed light flooded in from
ahead of me, and I began to scramble as
quick as I could towards freedom. I knew
that I was in genuine serious danger of
actually dying if I didn't. As I reached
the end, I felt hands on me dragging me
roughly out of the tube, and I was
pulled out onto the grass.
Then I heard this rumble and a crunch
and heard the most haunting,
earsplitting scream, the worst sound I'd
ever heard in my life.
Kathy and Will's dad, Jack, was the one
who pulled me to safety. They'd gone and
told him what Hester was doing, and he'd
come out to check and then rushed over
in horror when he saw what the kids were
doing to me. Meanwhile, Holly had come
to apologize and witnessed me being
pulled from the concrete tube seconds
before it cracked and caved in on
itself. If Jack hadn't pulled me out
those last few feet, I genuinely don't
think that I'd be here to write this
story. At least not in one piece. The
horrific scream that I heard had come
from Hester's cousin, George, Will's
friend who lived nearby. One of the
concrete tubes had just rolled off the
stack and literally crushed his leg. I
caught a glimpse of it as I was carried
away by Jack and holy crap, it was like
there wasn't even a leg there.
He was eventually fine, thankfully, but
he had to have multiple metal pins
surgically inserted into his leg and a
bunch of physical therapy and Hester's
family had to foot the entire bill.
I have no idea what happened to her and
I wish her all the best and I hope she
went on to have a great and fulfilling
life. Just kidding. I don't think I can
really say what I feel about her without
getting you demonetized.
And so that's the childhood trauma that
still keeps me up at night to this day.
I still can't stay in enclosed spaces.
Even elevators make me panic. And while
I can manage them if I have to, I'd
always rather take the stairs.
[Music]
I have an absolutely weird story for
you, and it drives me nuts that I've
never been able to work out the exact
truth behind it. So, maybe you and your
listeners can give me some theories. At
the very least, maybe it'll help me stop
having nightmares about it if I finally
talk about it to strangers on the
internet.
It was a pretty bad week to start with.
Mom had asked her friend if I could stay
with them in the weekdays before she had
to do a work thing. Mom's friend had two
kids, Benny and Daniel. Benny was my age
and was my friend from school, and
Daniel was younger. She was kind of a
whiny, wet, blanket kid who was
constantly crying and moaning and
kicking up a fuss about stuff. And
that's why Benny and I didn't really
take it seriously that day when Daniel
fell and wouldn't get up. Instead, he
just sat there screaming and crying,
saying, "It hurts. It hurts." We laughed
at him to start with. It had only been a
little fall, tripping backwards onto his
butt.
But when he carried on crying, we
realized that maybe he was serious this
time. Long story short, he had fallen
backwards against the furnace of this
fireplace thing and cracked his
tailbone.
Easy enough to recover from, but it
required a hospital trip. And there was
no way that Benny and Daniel's mom,
Nancy, was going to tolerate Benny and I
under her feet in a hospital waiting
room all day. So Nancy called her friend
Kate and asked if she could look after
Benny and his friend they were
babysitting, aka me. Kate was the mother
of Elena and Carl. Elena was our friend
from school, so we knew her. And sorry
if this is some tangle web of confusion,
but this is important. Me, Benny, and
Elena were seven. Carl was five, and
Kate was their mom who was looking after
us for the day, while Benny, who was
four, was getting checked out in the
hospital.
Another important part, Kate and her
husband Arnold were absolutely rich.
They lived in a house that to me as a
kid was completely huge and daunting. It
was built in the 19th century, if not
before. And in my memory, it was like
eight stories. I'm sure it can't have
been that big in retrospect, but it was
this very old country house that had
been in their family for probably
generations at this point. Creepy
portraits of various old members of
their family hung on the oak panled
walls. They had a housekeeper, a
gardener, and a maid. And there were at
least two grandfather clocks in the
house. And I swear to God, there was a
genuine suit of armor in one of the
corridors.
The whole house was absolutely
mysterious and wonderful and
fascinating. and it smelled of old
things. There were numerous cabinets and
cupboards to explore and various closed
doors that were tantalizing and
appealing. And there was even a music
room filled with instruments, including
a piano that I was absolutely ready to
try out, as I was this up and cominging
pianist who'd passed three grades
already. Naturally, because it was such
a cool house with so much promise and
excitement, we were allowed to stay in
the freaking hallway where we were given
a box of toys and told to sit on the
floor and play all morning.
Elena and Carl were both really pale and
quiet and pretty weird. And they seemed
a little scared of their mom. Hell, me
and Benny were scared of their mom. She
was strict in a I want to seem cool and
hip, but I also hate kids way and
clearly resented having to raise her own
children, let alone look after Benny and
I for the day. And I am pretty sure that
she wasn't actually Elena's biological
mom. But I never had any contact with
the family after this one day. Things
just didn't fully add up in my young boy
mind. And all this just contributes to
the mystery in my head. Elena called her
Kate and Carl called her mom. And at the
time, I could not for the life of me
work out how or why this was possible. I
guess I didn't grasp the idea of a
stepmom not being called mom back when I
was seven.
After a few hours of mindnumbing boredom
in which we were forced to play with
toys that were for babies, we had lunch.
I forget what it was, but I remember it
being the most boring, bland lunch I've
ever eaten. And I remember thinking that
I was glad that we didn't have a big
valuable house. if it meant that you had
to eat boring crap as a sort of
compromise.
Benny was normally the class clown, but
I guess he'd been babysat by Kate before
because he was on his best boring
behavior that day. He'd barely talk, in
fact, and it was really unsettling to
see my friend acting so muted. He was
normally the leader, and he would get us
into all sorts of trouble. After lunch,
Kate allowed us to play in the garden,
which was a sprawling, mysterious
wonderland of trees. There was a pond,
flower beds, and a vegetable garden. So,
of course, we were only allowed to stay
on the patio area in sight of Kate at
all times while she sat in the kitchen
watching daytime TV.
After half an hour, it began to rain,
and Elena and Carl would apparently
catch pneumonia if they stayed in the
rain. So off we all went back to the
cold tiled hallway where we had to play
with baby toys again. After a while,
Kate announced that she was going to
take a nap, and I watched her disappear
up two flights of stairs. Not that she'd
been watching us before. She'd been in
the other room with the door half open.
But now that Kate had fully left, I was
hoping it meant that we could actually
do something a bit more exciting. I
suggested this to the others, but Elena
seemed horrified and said that we had to
do what Kate said, and we better stay in
the hallway playing with Carl's jigsaw
puzzles because it wouldn't be good to
get into trouble. Benny had gone to the
bathroom and hadn't come back for 10
minutes. I looked around at the home
with this very sad longing. Surely,
there had to be something cool we could
do. I asked Elena if the house was
haunted and Carl began to sniffle and
Elena explained that he was afraid of
ghosts. God, what a crybaby. He made
Dany look like a badass. And Elena
explained that no, there were no ghosts
here. I asked who else lived there, and
she said it was just her, Kate, and
their dad who was always away during the
week in the city. Even at 7 years old, I
knew enough to feel bad for Elena here.
Kate clearly wasn't a nice mom and I
kind of understood why Elena was always
on her own and lonely at school. I asked
about the house staff and Elena said
that they came from the nearby village a
few days a week. And I found it
incredible that such a huge house could
have so few people living in it,
especially when the kids seemingly
weren't allowed in most of the rooms.
Benny still wasn't back and I needed to
use the bathroom. At first, Elena said
that I'd have to wait, but then she
relented and said that there was one
upstairs as long as I promised not to
touch or break anything. I needed to pee
so bad I thought that I was actually
going to wet myself. So, I promised her
on my life. She told me it was upstairs
and on the left, so I ran upstairs quiet
as I could so Kate wouldn't hear and
yell at me. I found the bathroom and it
looked and smelled like my great nan's
bathroom. Full of pink doilies and one
of those knitted toilet roll covers with
a doll's body in it. None of it looked
like it belonged to a young modern
family. And the whole place was so
weird. I washed my hands and left the
bathroom. I was about to go downstairs
and behave myself honestly, but then I
heard sounds coming from one of the
rooms. I knew Kate had gone up to the
next floor and their dad was away for
work. So, I thought maybe Benny had come
upstairs, even though there was no way
that he could have gotten up here
without seeing me. I approached the
door. I heard another sound from inside
and it sounded like a person in
distress.
To this day, I would swear that I heard
the word help.
I opened the door and the sight that lay
inside stays with me into adulthood. It
was my first real experience of seeing a
genuinely sick person. A four poster bed
sat in the middle of the room surrounded
by translucent medical style curtains.
Monitors and machines beep from beside
the bed. I didn't recognize them at the
time, but since I know there was at
least a heart monitor and some kind of
machine to aid with breathing, there
were a couple of other machines there,
too, that I can't even begin to tell you
the function of. The room stank of
illness and antiseptic.
It had the function of a hospital room,
but otherwise it was like the rest of
the house. Oak panled walls, old
furniture, fancy cabinets, and yes,
another grandfather clock.
It was just the bed, the machines, and
the person in the bed that were out of
place.
I took a step in the room, trying to see
more details of the figure that lay in
the bed. I genuinely can't be sure if
I'm misremembering this, but in my head,
I remember her being fully covered in a
sheet, almost like a shroud. I genuinely
thought that I was looking at a dead
body at first. Then I realized the
machines at least suggested that the
person was alive. And looking closer, I
could see the sheet rising and falling
as the person breathed.
I had a vague understanding of what a
coma was. And it occurred to me that
this mysterious person hidden away in
the bedroom of this huge house might be
in one. At least I consider this for a
moment when the figure sat bolt upright
and yanked the curtain covering the bed
away.
The person in the bed was a woman. She
can't have been older than Kate or Nancy
or my own mom, but she looked severely
aged at the same time. Her hair was
sllicked back with sweat, her skin pale
and gaunt. She looked a bit like Elena
but ancient.
The woman held out a hand to me and I
thought that she was calling to me. She
started making sounds with her mouth.
This sort of clicking coming from her
throat, then moaning, but nothing I
could recognize as words.
And then her eyes snapped open wide, and
so did her mouth. And it was like she
was screaming, but silently.
Again, I can't be sure if this was just
in my head, as the story's become more
terrifying to me over the years, but I'm
sure she pointed at me.
I let out a little scream, turned, ran,
and thundered down the stairs. When I
asked Elena who the woman in the room
was, she looked completely pale and
sick. She told me it was her mom. And I
told her that no, it wasn't. It was a
sick woman, not Kate. Dumbass me
couldn't grasp that mom was someone
else.
Benny had returned from the bathroom by
this point, and I started frantically
telling him about the sick woman
upstairs. His eyes widened and he said
that we should go and check on her.
Elena started whispering in panic to us
saying that we mustn't go back upstairs.
Carl, of course, started crying again.
And before we could do anything, Kate
came storming down. And I had never been
yelled at by my friend's mom before in a
way that Kate screamed at me then,
calling me a disobedient little brat, a
troublemaker, all sorts of things. I
burst into tears. I had no idea what I'd
done wrong. I thought someone was in
trouble in the room, so I checked on
them. And then when I realized I
disturbed some sick lady, I'd left. Kate
was having none of it, though, and said
that there was no way that she was
putting up with this. She used a lot
more swear words than that, and I
remember being shocked at an adult
talking to me that way.
She called up Nancy, who luckily had
just gotten out of the hospital with
Dany. Kate stared at us silently for 20
minutes it took for Nancy to come
collect us. Nancy scolded us repeatedly
on the drive home, then made us sit in
the utility room for the last hour of
the day until mom came to pick me up.
I heard mom and Nancy talking in quiet
voices. Then on the way home, I told Mom
exactly what had happened. I guess mom
took my side because that night I heard
her on the phone yelling at Nancy that
it wasn't appropriate to send me to be
looked after by Kate anyway and that
nobody had the right to yell at her kid
and punish him for something that he
hadn't even done wrong. They stopped
being friends after that and Benny and I
kind of stopped hanging out shortly
after which was fine by me because he
was always getting me in trouble
anyways.
I didn't really expect the incident to
have such a long lasting effect in my
mind as it has. I have absolutely no
idea what was going on in that house.
When I saw Elena at school the next
week, she was quiet and wouldn't talk to
me and had bruises on her arms. I wish
I'd been able to do something about it
back then. I'm pretty sure some kind of
abuse was going on in that household,
but as a 7-year-old, I didn't have the
vocabulary or knowhow to say or do
anything about it. I never did find out
who that woman was, although I can
hazard an educated guess that it was
Elena's mom. My own mom has always been
under the impression that Elena's mom
was dead, so I have no idea why she was
sealed away in a room in that house,
hooked up to machines.
I wish I could solve this mystery. And
like I said, maybe your listeners have
some theories. But in the meantime, I
guess I'll continue waking up in the
middle of the night, haunted by
nightmares of a dying woman, sitting
upright in her sick bed, throwing back
her shroud and pointing straight at me.
[Music]
This is a story that happened to me in
the UK when I was a kid. Me and my buddy
Jim used to hang out at this local park
near his house quite a lot where we'd
chill on the swings, smoke on the bench,
play a bit of football. You know, the
kind of crap teenagers get up to at the
park. We were honestly good friends,
goody two shoes even, and just never got
up to anything sorted really. I had a
couple of friends who made a hobby of
setting fires inside public toilets,
like inside the actual toilet bowls, and
they'd recently been yanked into the cop
shop for a warning, and it had kind of
traumatized the poor lads. So, Jimbo and
I were extra determined to keep our
noses clean and be good kids.
We were walking back to my house down a
street we'd walked down a billion times.
Most of the buildings along the street
were houses, but a few of them were
houses that had been converted into the
premises for business. I forget what
exactly there was, but one of them was a
taxi rank. So, they used the living room
as a makeshift office, which you could
see into through these huge bay windows
to the front. There was a two-car
driveway, which could house two of the
taxis. Then, a couple of other taxis
would park on the street, I guess. Then
people would call up and book a taxi and
they'd dispatch it to a location, etc.
This was years before Uber, back when in
the UK anyway, there would just be a
designated area in town and whatever for
taxis to wait in or outside the cinema
or Hollywood Bowl and all of that. I
guess the taxis stayed on this
residential street when they weren't in
use because the headquarters were there.
I could never work out why they needed a
whole house as the taxi rank, nor could
I imagine what was in the other rooms. I
can make a good guess now, but I don't
want to spoil anything. Anyway, I'll
call these Jabens Munter Taxis because
it's as good a name as any. So, me and
Jimbo were making our way home past
Munter Taxis when I had to stop to do my
shoelace up. These were the days before
Chat GPT and Skippy Toilet, so you had
to tie your own damn shoes back then. So
that's what I did. I stopped and
crouched down and began to tie my lace.
Shock horror. I guess I'd accidentally
decided to stop next to one of Munter
Taxis cars, though, because within
seconds of me dropping to my knees, the
door to the taxi rank burst open, and an
angry middle-aged Turkish guy came
charging out. He hooted at the top of
his voice, screaming at Jimbo and me.
What were we doing? Why had we stopped
there? What were we trying to do to his
effing taxi? He was sick of us damn
rword kids effing up their cars. Were we
cops? Were we key in the taxi? Wait,
were we cops? Huh? Now I jumped to my
feet, gesturing to my half-tied lace and
told him that I had in fact stopped to
tie my shoelace. The Turkish man almost
exploded in rage at this. I was
absolutely baffled. He grabbed me and
slammed me against the taxi, which yeah,
nice one, mate. If you're worried about
someone vandalizing your stupid ars car,
then good idea slamming a body up
against it. And Jimbo, of course,
decided that now was the perfect time to
start taunting this taxi boss, calling
him a prick and demanding that he let go
of me, that we weren't doing anything
wrong. But if he didn't let me go there
and then, then he'd have a lot to reckon
with. And I have no idea what Jimbo even
had in mind. I don't think he'd ever
thrown a punch in his entire life and
still probably hasn't, but he was a
mouthy sod at times.
Taxi Wanker was having none of it and
dragged me forward, then slammed me back
again. Then he threw me aside and
pointed at the car. He screamed that I'd
put a dent in it when I tied my
shoelace. And I helpfully pointed out
that it was probably when he slammed me
against the taxi just then. and this
caused him to grab me and punch me in
the stomach. Not very hard, but enough
to bring tears to my eyes. Jimbo started
yelling at him again, this time taking
things a bit more seriously.
Meanwhile, two younger guys came out of
the taxi rank, a white guy and another
Turkish lad. The Turkish lad looked a
bit apologetic, but the white guy was
someone I'd seen driving the taxis
around town before, a bit of a hard nut.
He was holding a plank getting ready to
raise it like he was about to brain me
with it. This plank guy started yelling
at us alongside the taxi driver and he
said that we were the kids who had been
repeatedly vandalizing their taxis and
that we were going to effing pay now
that they'd caught us. I had never
touched their damn taxis before apart
from actually using their services a few
times and I told them this. I said we
live nearby and were just walking home
and I'd stopped to tie my lace. I again
pointed out that my lace was untied and
if they just look, they'd see that I
hadn't done anything to the freaking
taxi.
Young Turk leaned in and whispered
something to this taxi guy. Plank guy
did that thing that the hard kids in
schools do where they lunge at you and
then stop trying to intimidate me. He
waved the plank around and I genuinely
thought that he was going to hit me for
a second.
Jimbo had his phone out. And this was
the days of the Nokia 3310s, so we
didn't have cameras and stuff like that,
but we did have the means to call the
law. Jimbo said he was going to dial 999
cuz we had nothing to hide. And this
caused Taxi Wanker to freak out. He
started screaming and hollering that if
we called the law, we'd be dead men. And
Christ on a cracker buddy, overreacting
much. And that's when I twiged that
maybe something more serious was going
on here than a taxi firm being
protective over their vehicles. I
figured we probably needed to extricate
ourselves from the situation pretty
sharply. And I shot Jimbo a look, hoping
he'd understand exactly what I was
thinking. Instead, he called the men a
bunch of tossers.
Well, nothing for it. I shoved Taxi
Wanker with all my might, knocking him
into the plank man. And then Jimbo and I
pounded sand and ran down the street.
darting across the busy main road and
narrowly missing being flattened by the
number eight bus to Staple Grove.
Then we were back at my house and home
free.
My stomach hurt where taxi wanker had
punched me, but other than that, we were
safe and we vowed that we wouldn't take
that shortcut back from the park anymore
and thought nothing of it. Now, a few
months later, my dad showed me a story
in the paper. A local taxi firm had been
shut down for their role in distributing
heroin and cocaine. And get this,
smuggling blood diamonds.
And yep, of course, it was Munter Taxis.
So, I guess that's why they used an
entire house as their headquarters,
storing and packing drugs. And again, I
emphasize this, blood diamonds. Now,
Jimbo and I almost came acropper from
honest to god blood diamond smugglers.
That's kind of badass, if not a bit
terrifying. And in retrospect, it's no
wonder they got so touchy feely about me
stopping to tie my shoe.
[Music]
This story happened to my mom in the
60s, but she's given me permission to
share it with you today. She was about 4
years old and playing with her friends
at a local park.
It was a whole group of them hanging out
in the swings and whatnot. Back then,
kids just played without supervision.
And we see that as the good old days,
but sometimes it's understandable why
modern parents are a bit stricter on
where their kids can go.
Now, this was back in the United
Kingdom. Parks used to have a parker who
would be employed by the council to
maintain the grass, keep the play park
equipment working, things like that. And
now everything is done by outside
contractors. But back in the day, it
used to be a guy, usually a retiree, who
wore a parkkeeper uniform and had a
little shack on the corner of the park.
Most parkkeepers would become a popular
staple with the kids who played there.
And Mr. Claude was no different. Mom
says he was a friendly old lad with a
twinkle in his eye and a bag of toffes
he'd secretly offered to his favorite
kids, one of whom was my mom. Mr. Claude
was friends with my grandparents, too.
He'd been a local fixture in the town
for as long as they could remember even,
and everyone had fond opinions of the
old fella.
And that's why when Mr. Claude
approached Mom in the park that day, she
thought nothing of it. He called her
over away from her friends and patted
the bench under the tree for her to sit
down. Mom joined him, and he asked if
she was having a good day, if she was
having fun, if she'd be starting school
that autumn. Just usual friendly
chitchat from the town's grandpa.
Mom was a polite kid who loved to
befriend and please adults, so she was
only too happy to answer his questions.
Mr. Claude reached into his pocket and
withdrew his traditional rumbled paper
bag of toffes, which he'd buy from the
local corner shop. He gave mom a toffee
and then after a minute, he asked her if
she liked kittens. Of course, what
little kid doesn't like kittens. So, mom
said yes. And Mr. and Claude told her
that the park cat Shel had recently had
kittens and they were in his parker
shack on the other side of the park if
she wanted to see them. Mom did, of
course. She hadn't really been briefed
that well on stranger danger, but she
says that even if she had, it was Mr.
Claude, so she would have trusted him
enough to go with him.
Go with him, she did, and he led her by
the hand to his hut. Inside, he locked
the door. or not that mom realized that
at the time and then had her sit on a
stool. She looked around but couldn't
see Shelly or the kittens anywhere. Mr.
Claude made a point of trying to find
the kittens and couldn't and then pulled
a little cats sock puppet out of a
drawer. Mom says he made her laugh,
pretending it was Shelly the park cat,
and everything seemed fine. And then Mr.
Claude reached into the drawer again and
pulled out a magazine. He showed it to
mom and asked her what she thought of
it. It was a nudie magazine. Mom told
him she didn't know and got shy and a
bit scared. And then Mr. Claude began
flicking through the magazine, showing
her increasingly explicit images of
women. Mom can't remember for sure as it
was nearly 60 years ago now, but she
thinks she remembers it being some kind
of fetish magazine.
Mr. Claude began asking her, a little
girl, if she liked what was in the
magazine. Again, mom said that she
didn't know and began to get a bit
tearful and scared. Mr. Claude started
to get cross with her and told her that
a parkkeeper was a bit like a policeman
and she had to listen to him and do what
he said. I don't want to repeat what he
told her to do next, but thank God mom
said no.
She jumped off that stool and stomped
her foot and told him that grown-ups
don't say things like that to little
girls. She remembers Mr. Claude laughing
at this and telling her that she was a
precious little brat. We think that he
must have said precocious, but this is
how she remembers it. And then he
grabbed her by the wrist and began
trying to guide her hand somewhere.
And to this day, I'm sure someone was
looking out for Mom because before Mr.
Claude could do anything. There was a
harsh knocking at the door. It was Mom's
brothers, Jules and Andrew. They'd come
looking for Mom to bring her home for
tea, and the other little kids told them
that Mr. Claude had taken her to his
shed. My uncle Jules says he always
suspected that Mr. Claude was a wrongan.
So, he ran straight over. Then, when
they tried to enter the hut and found it
locked, they began to panic.
Thankfully, Jules bashing on the door
caused Mr. Claude to panic and he
unlocked the door to let mom go. When
they got home, they told my grandparents
how Mr. Claude had tried to behave. But
they told mom that she must have
misunderstood him, and that sweet old
Mr. Claude wouldn't possibly have wanted
to hurt Mom, but she should never go
alone with adults like that again, but
also definitely shouldn't worry or be
traumatized by it. I would be so mad at
my grandparents for this, except Uncle
Jules concluded the story for us. When
the rest of the kids had gone to bed, he
stayed up and eavesdropped on granddad
talking to a couple of his work buddies
about Mr. Claude. They said it was high
time that something was done about that
dirty old man. The next week, there was
a new parkkeeper at the local park.
Nobody heard from Mr. Claude again.
The story went that he'd gone up country
to live with his son because he was
getting on in years. Maybe that's true.
Maybe the local dads chased him off. Or
maybe they banded together and delivered
another kind of old-fashioned justice.
Who can say?
Hey friends, thanks for listening. Click
that notification bell to be alerted of
all future narrations. I release new
videos every Monday and Thursday at 9:00
p.m. Eastern time. And there are super
fun live streams on Sundays and
Wednesday nights. If you got a story, be
sure to submit them over at my email.
Let's read submissions@gmail.com
and maybe even hear your story featured
on the next video. And if you want to
support me even more, grab early access
to all future narrations and bonus
content over on Patreon, or click that
big join button to hear about the extra
perks for members of the channel. And
check out the Let's Read podcast where
you can hear all of these stories and
big compilations located anywhere you
listen to podcasts. Also, I have a true
crime channel called Saturn Soul. All
links in the description below. Thanks
so much friends and remember first rule
of Fight Club twerk.